# Omni Development Kit

## Overview

The Omni Development Kit is your key to start making your own soul plates for 
the Standard Omni boot. The ODK includes all the objects we used to design our 
soul plates as well as a sample soul plate you can use as a starting point or 
print at home to use yourself.

## Getting Started

If you're new to GitHub, please take a minute to create an account so you can 
participate in discussions about the ODK. While we won't be using everything 
GitHub has to offer, we definitely will be taking your issues and suggestions 
for improvement.

Here's where to access the ODK GitHub: 
https://github.com/StandardSkateCo/OmniDevelopmentKit

And here's a direct download of the most current CDK: 
https://github.com/StandardSkateCo/OmniDevelopmentKit/archive/refs/heads/main.zip

## Helpful Information 

* UFS suggests the frame channel of soul plates be 41mm wide to fit all UFS 
frames. The mounting nubs should be no more than 20mm in diameter and no more 
than 3mm in height.
* The frame bolts included with all Omni boots are 20mm m6, and the soul plate 
bolts are 14mm m6. The example minimal soul plates included with the ODK are 
thinner than stock and require 16mm frame bolts and 10mm soul plate bolts.
* We recommend at least 2mm recess for soul plate bolts to sit flush with the 
frame channel and at least 3mm of soul plate for the bolts to securely mount 
to the boot without pulling through.

## Terms of Use

The Omni Development Kit is open source and free for you to use. We’re licensing 
the kit under Creative Commons so you can use it to design any soul plates you 
want. Feel free to print your soul plate designs for personal use, sell your 
designs for others to print, print your designs and sell them yourself, or give 
them away for free.

## Licensing

Omni Base and Minimal Soul Plate © 2023 by Lawrence Ingraham is licensed under CC BY 4.0.
To view a copy of this license, visit
http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/